Update best practice for Select options (#1463)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/Select/README.md

Options should:

> - Start with "Select" as a placeholder if there isn't a default option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start with “Select” as a placeholder if there isn’t a default option
```
